in the world of semi-automatic espresso
machines there are those that have the
specs and then there are machines that
combine the specs with style machines
that make a statement about how you brew
hi Marc and Morgan from whole latte love
comm the bazzara Galatea Domus is a
truly beautiful machine on the outside
dramatic angled side panels flair to the
top in contrast with the flowing cup
rails for a retro Italian look and
Morgan if you're an espresso lover
there's a lot of beauty on the inside as
well a large 2-liter copper heat
exchange boiler so you can brew and
steam at the same time and you've got
loads of steaming power with a little
practice you can start a shot and finish
steaming milk before your shot is done
compared to a regular single boiler
machine you can cut in the face drink
prep time by more than half
pulling beautiful delicious shots
depends on a lot of variables the big
one is brew temperatures like most semi
automatics of a certain level the
galatea Domus uses an e 61 brew group
the e 61 thermo siphon system constantly
circulates hot water through the group
the result is more consistent brewing
temperatures when steaming or drawing
hot water the first thing you'll notice
is the valves they're set in an angle
which complements the look of the
machine and they're labeled in Italian I
like the angle on the valves they look
good on the machine and they get your
hands just a little further from hot
stuff when operating I also like the
curves on the piping gives you added
clearance more options for positioning a
frothing pitcher and furthers the
overall styling with a 2 liter boiler
there's some serious power delivered to
a commercial style four hole steam tip
about 10 seconds is all it takes to
froth for a single cappuccino and it
will produce 45 seconds of steam before
recovery plenty to steam for two large
lattes on the front of the machine
you've got gauges for boiler and brew
pressure boiler pressure lets you know
when the machine is up to temperature
for brewing and steaming and brew
pressure can help you fine-tune your
extractions you know those gauges are
nice placed up higher where you can
actually see and use them down lower
you'll notice the knob to turn on the
machine it's another piece of retro
styling it touched the
goes beyond the toggle switches found on
most machines there's a lot of detail in
the machine stainless steel exterior
where many machines just cut a body
panel the Galatea Domus does not every
metal transition is rolled and smooth a
demonstration of quality workmanship up
top there's access to the 4 liter water
reservoir through a panel into the body
of the machine styled cup rails frame
the top the warming tray has room for 8
cups and features a wave pattern which
matches with the easy remove high
capacity drip tray down front pulling
shots on this machine is similar to
others with heat exchange boilers if
needed do a short cooling flush to
remove overheated water you can also use
flushes and very recovery times to
affect brew temperatures machine comes
with single and double porta filters a
back flush disc group cleaning brush
coffee scoop and a plastic tamper
overall the quality touches of this
machine are hard to miss outside details
like the rolled and smooth edges hinged
reservoir access kirby cup rails in
angled valves add to the retro styling
and that quality continues inside as
well with a large 2-liter copper boiler
top-notch components and sensible layout
now there are machines comparable and
priced to this one capable of producing
the same quality of espresso but and
this is a big but very few that can do
that and make a bold statement of style
that's the galatea dullness from bezerra
it's available now at whole latte love
calm I'm Marc and I'm Morgan thanks for
watching and be sure to subscribe to our
YouTube channel for the latest on
everything coffee the number one source
for everything coffee whole latte love
calm